How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

It gave a direct comparison of known working code, against the one with the bug and made 
it easier to find the error by highlighting every change that was made.    



How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    
It will make it easier to to find errors in new builds as, presumably, the 
older versions would have been working. This can result in faster debugging.



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    
Having an automatic save prevents the possible problem of user error and 
helps safeguard against unexpected power outages, but, having to choose
the right time allows the programmer to choose meaningful commits.



Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    
Tracking the status of all the files in the repository at the time of a commit, 
ensures that it "safe" for the user to make changes anywhere in project without
having to worry about remembering which files the changes were specfically made in.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    
Git log shows the commit history and used in conjunction with git diff, it
allows the programmer to check the history of changes throughout the project.



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    
By removing the fear of testing. You are able to experiment without worrying 
about introducing bugs that may be hard to track. Every logical commit, if 
tested before hand, gives you a safety net.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    
Experimentation in projects that are currently causing me problems.